Keith Floyd inspired my love of food and
wine but I'd say there are so many great
chefs out there right now inspiring me
in general about flavor I mean Michele
roux is amazing wonderful man I think
John two roads absolutely brilliant
James Martin he's a mate of mine but
honestly when I watch him on stage of
the BBC good food show I just don't know
how he does it every single time the
dishes look great and they taste amazing
my ultimate dining experience would
probably be to dine with some of my chef
mates and how them each cook a course
maybe we could get tom aikens along
Michelle drew would be fantastic Mary
berry we'd love these get married to do
the cakes Paul would get Paul Hollywood
to do the bread if we also might be on
the wine it's a party the food that
reminds me most of home oddly is bread
and butter pudding my mother made bread
and butter pudding throughout my
childhood and whenever I go home she
still does I've slightly doctored her
recipe now I spread marmalade on the
bread before I cook it ye are me I think
the success of saturday kitchen is down
to the mixture of fantastic chefs dishes
that are cooked in real time that
everybody at home can have a go at
wonderful wine matches James mine as the
host brilliant guy great charisma very
down to earth he makes food accessible
and that's my mission with wine it's to
make it there for something for
everybody
you